feat(client): improved basepath detection (#2320)
nextauthjs/next-auth: www/docs/getting-started/rest-api.md

 `NEXTAUTH_URL=https://example.com/myapp/api/authentication`

`/api/auth/signin` -> `/myapp/api/authentication/signin`

However, you need to do two things:
1. You must declare a `NEXT_PUBLIC_NEXTAUTH_URL` environment variable that points to the same URL as above.

> 2. Your folder structure must match the above URL. e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Your folder structure must match what's set on `NEXT_PUBLIC_NEXTAUTH_URL`, for instance, if it's set to `https://mywebsite.com/api/authentication`, your folder structure should be:
```
